> [!slack]+ Message from User1
> **Time:** 
> 12:0 PM Hi Stripes, here's the agenda for this week's Friday Fireside, with [[user2]] and [[user3]] We'l hear from Archive co-founder & CEO User4 and Co-founder & CTO User5. Archive powers profitable resale programs for apparel and footwear brands. :internet-archive: [[user6]] and [[user7]] will update us on our six key financial metrics :party-chart: [[user8]] and [[user9]] from the Money Movement and Storage (MMS) team will demo key payouts features that improve merchant flexibility (and drive liquidity for Stripe) :payouts: Patrick will take us through tabs! :finger-cursor: :bufo-reading: Oh and if you haven't already: make sure to read the 2024 annual letter. See you there! :bufo-reading: :bufo-yayy: User10 1:51 AM channel is open and we'l get start in 10 minutes :blob-dance: :bufo-reading: :blob-omg: :bufo-run: User11 1:59 AM Rare blufo (blurfo?) ED: yeah, :blurfo: (edited) :blurfo-vibe: :bufo-offers-blurfo: Benjamin Neuwirth 12:02 PM So are these clothes that are returned? Or fully used and then resold? :good-question: Darren Jennings 12:03 PM their icon is reminiscent of analogue.co Eoin Nugent 12:03 PM there's a new shuppa startup! (…at least phonetically the same name) https://www.myshuppa.com/ groceries+alcohol in (at least) dublin Shuppa | Instant Grocery Delivery in Dublin Shuppa | Grocery delivery dublin | Wine delivery dublin | App to doorstep in minutes | Download the app & shop today! Miriam Keil 12:08 PM Sounds like you didn't spend your youth thrifting clothes, P. :he: Dan Nelson 12:09 PM Let's force a reason for this to be on-chain... if I buy a used coat through Archive, I could see the previous owners and we could play the game of "who wore it best". 8 days agoView thread Anthony Voellm 12:09 PM Selling my Tandy Coco2 for a premium!!!! True vintage 1980s 🙂 (edited) Adam O'Donnell 12:09 PM This is a fascinating market. :equals-equals: Last reply 8 days agoView thread User11 12:10 PM economists: did someone say incentives? User1 5:19 PM If you missed it, be sure to catch the replay available now on the new StripeTV (with playback speed, chapter markers, and transcript, oh my!) At Friday Fireside This week [[user2]] and [[user3]] hosted and we heard from Archive co-founder & CEO User4 and Co-founder & CTO User5. Archive powers profitable resale programs for apparel and footwear brands :macklemore-thrift-shop: [[user6]] and [[user7]] updated us on our six key financial metrics and the impact of/on GTM :party-chart: [[user8]] and [[user9]] from the Money Movement and Storage (MMS) team demo'd key payouts features that improve merchant flexibility (and drive liquidity for Stripe) :one-million-dollars: Patrick took us through tabs! :finger-cursor: and then we heard from guest User12 on this week's QBR The replay, notes, and audio are up at go/f-stream, go/f-notes and go/f-audio. :bufo-reading: Oh and if you haven't already: make sure to read the 2024 annual letter. :bufo-offers-stripetv: :austin-spin: :bufo-offers-stripetv-in-technicolor:

---

## Debug Information

### Processing Steps
- Detected format: standard
- Parsed 1 messages (intelligent)

### Unparsed Content

*All content was successfully parsed*